docs: :memo: clarify intro and data constraints (#1585)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/index.qmd

discoverable, well-documented, and ultimately more (re)usable for later
analyses.

Specifically, Sprout assists in the creation of a ["data
package"](/docs/glossary.qmd) which enforces best practices for both the
**data** and **metadata** in a project:

- **Metadata** must follow the [Frictionless Data
  Package](https://decisions.seedcase-project.org/why-frictionless-data/)
  specification. It is created, managed, and verified programmatically

>   to avoid mistakes from manual edits and to guarantee conformation to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to avoid mistakes from manual edits and to guarantee that it conforms to
```

To my tongue, "conformation" doesn't flow right (even though it is a correct use of the word). My mind wants to say "confirmation". So this is just a small edit to flow easier for me.
